Add container image building to CI config (#190)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Publish a container image of kubectl-gs as quay.io/giantswarm/kubectl-gs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start publishing a container image of kubectl-gs as giantswarm/kubectl-gs
```

It will be synced by crsync.

> - Start publishing a container image of kubectl-gs as giantswarm/kubectl-gs

Reviewer 2: Should be `as quay.io/giantswarm/kubectl-gs?, right?

Reviewer: Longterm we decided dockerhub to be the source of truth. `crsync` will move the image there.

@JosephSalisbury - correct me if I'm wrong.

Reviewer 3: @kopiczko it's the other way around, right? we push everything to `quay` (still), and crysnc moves it to dockerhub and ACR?

Reviewer 3: yeah, see the second diagram here: https://intranet.giantswarm.io/docs/architecture-specs-adrs/specs/registry-mirror/#how-are-images-synchronised-between-registries

Reviewer: Yes but we want dockerhub to be the SoT eventually. So why would be advertise quay?

Reviewer 3: ah, with you. yeah, `giantswarm/kubectl-gs` makes sense as our source of truth
